New DDoS Protection tile (#2204)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: products/ddos-protection/src/content/reference/simulate-ddos-attack.md

---
pcx-content-type: reference
order: 6
---

# Simulating test DDoS attacks

After onboarding to Cloudflare, you may want to simulate DDoS attacks against your Internet properties to test the protection, [reporting](/reference/reports), and [alerting](/reference/alerts) mechanisms. Follow the guidelines in this section to simulate a DDoS attack.

You can only launch DDoS attacks against your own Internet properties — your zone, Spectrum application, or IP range (depending on your Cloudflare services) — and provided that:

> * The Internet properties are not shared with other organizations or individuals
> * The Internet properties have been onboarded to Cloudflare in an account under your name or ownership

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The Internet properties are not shared with other organizations or individuals.
* The Internet properties have been onboarded to Cloudflare in an account under your name or ownership.
```

## Before you start

> You don't have to obtain permission from Cloudflare to launch a DDoS attack simulation against your own Internet properties. However, before launching the simulated attack, you must [open a Support ticket](https://support.cloudflare.com/hc/articles/200172476) and provide the information below. All fields are mandatory unless marked as optional.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You do not have to obtain permission from Cloudflare to launch a DDoS attack simulation against your own Internet properties. However, before launching the simulated attack, you must [open a Support ticket](https://support.cloudflare.com/hc/articles/200172476) and provide the information below. All fields are mandatory unless marked as optional.
```
